docs: update price-feeder readme config section (#1108)
umee-network/umee: price-feeder/README.md

```

## Configuration
There are multiple new options for validators to setup in the price feeder config, the options are telemetry, deviation, and custom endpoints. 

> ### `Telemetry`
> • A set of options for the /metrics endpoint when running the price feeder. 

Reviewer: Let's try to be a bit more descriptive, use the same case they would in the config file (e.g., `deviation_thresholds` or `telemetry`, and add the same spacing we're using on other parts of the config list:
```suggestion
### `telemetry`

A set of options for the application's telemetry, which is disabled by default. An in-memory sink is the default, but Prometheus is also supported.
```

Maybe it'd be helpful to also link to the config here?

### `Deviation`

> • Deviation allows validators to set a custom amount of standard deviations around the median which helps distinguish providers from other providers. 

Reviewer: Add a note about how the default is for this is 1 standard deviation. 

Also, it's not for distinguishing providers from one another; this "deviation allowance" is supposed to help if any providers became faulty.

## Configuration

### `telemetry`

A set of options for the application's telemetry, which is disabled by default. An in-memory sink is the default, but Prometheus is also supported.
```shell
$ price-feeder /path/to/price_feeder_config.toml

> ```

Reviewer 2: please add a link to cosmos-sdk telemetry: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/docs/core/telemetry.md
